Add ephemeral resource sections to provider best practices (#860)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/plugin/best-practices/hashicorp-provider-design-principles.mdx

- Ensuring Terraform can statically validate the entire configuration anywhere
- Preventing practitioner issues should the environment change between Terraform commands
- Preventing practitioner issues should networking or a service become unavailable

## Ephemeral Resources should represent a single sensitive API object

> A Terraform ephemeral resource should be a declarative representation of a single sensitive API object, such as an API token or secret, which will be

Reviewer: I think it'd make more sense to not limit our description of this to sensitive data (despite that being a large use-case), maybe something like:

```suggestion
A Terraform ephemeral resource should be a declarative representation of a single API object that doesn't require Terraform to store it's data between runs, such as sensitive data like an API token or secret. This ephemeral data is created and/or retrieved from the API during the Open operation.
```

> created and/or retrieved from the API during the Open operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Sorry my suggestion ran you into this lol
